[#1928] Add parameter support for JSON_GET (#1929)
Blazebit/blaze-persistence: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/core/manual/en_US/jpql_functions.adoc

--> tennis
----

===== JSON_GET with JSON path

Sytax: `JSON_GET(jsonDocument, jsonPathTemplate, param1, ..., paramN)`

Where `jsonPathTemplate` is a JSON path template that uses the special character sequence of `??` as parameter
placeholder. The `paramN` arguments are the parameters that replace the `??` placeholders in the `jsonPathTemplate`.

Usage examples:

[source]
----
json_get('{ "owner": { "firstName": "John", "lastName": "Smith", hobbies: [ "football", "tennis" ] } }', '$.owner.??', 'firstName')
--> John

// Assuming the presence of a named parameter :hobbies_index with value 1
json_get('{ "owner": { "firstName": "John", "lastName": "Smith", hobbies: [ "football", "tennis" ] } }', '$.owner.hobbies[??]', :hobbies_index)
--> tennis
----

> NOTE: This overload is not supported for Oracle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The use of parameters is not supported for Oracle. Only the `jsonPathTemplate` may be passed.
```
